K8SPXC-757 fix recovery documentation (#884)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/recovery.rst

The Percona Operator for Percona XtraDB Cluster provides two ways of recovery
after a full cluster crash.

> The Operator is able to provide automatic crash recovery and semi automatic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Operator is providing automatic crash recovery (by default) and semi-automatic
```

recovery is turned on.

If this option is set to ``false``, automatic crash recovery is not done,

> but semi automatic recovery is still possible.

Reviewer: should we disable spec.pxc.autoRecovery option?

Author: please see lines 32-39, it this section I am talking about  this particular case

> but semi automatic recovery is still possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
but semi-automatic recovery is still possible.
```

In this case you need to get the log from pxc container from all Pods
using the following command:

>    .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```

>       $ for i in $(seq 0 $(($(kubectl get pxc cluster1 -o jsonpath='{.spec.pxc.size}')-1))); do echo "###############cluster1-pxc-$i##############"; kubectl logs cluster1-pxc-$i -c pxc | grep '(seqno):' ; done

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   $ for i in $(seq 0 $(($(kubectl get pxc cluster1 -o jsonpath='{.spec.pxc.size}')-1))); do echo "###############cluster1-pxc-$i##############"; kubectl logs cluster1-pxc-$i -c pxc | grep '(seqno):' ; done
```

The output of this command should be similar to the following one::

   ###############cluster1-pxc-0##############
   It is cluster1-pxc-0.cluster1-pxc.default.svc.cluster.local node with sequence number (seqno): 18
   ###############cluster1-pxc-1##############
   It is cluster1-pxc-1.cluster1-pxc.default.svc.cluster.local node with sequence number (seqno): 18
   ###############cluster1-pxc-2##############
   It is cluster1-pxc-2.cluster1-pxc.default.svc.cluster.local node with sequence number (seqno): 19

Now find the Pod with the largest ``seqno`` (it is ``cluster1-pxc-2`` in the
above example).

Now execute the following commands to start this instance:

>    .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```

>       $ kubectl exec cluster1-pxc-2 -c pxc -- sh -c 'kill -s USR1 1'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   $ kubectl exec cluster1-pxc-2 -c pxc -- sh -c 'kill -s USR1 1'
```

   .. code-block:: bash

>       $ for i in $(seq 0 $(($(kubectl get pxc cluster1 -o jsonpath='{.spec.pxc.size}')-1))); do until [[ $(kubectl get pod cluster1-pxc-$i -o jsonpath='{.status.phase}') == 'Running' ]]; do sleep 10; done; kubectl exec cluster1-pxc-$i -c pxc -- touch /tmp/recovery-case; done

Reviewer: do we still need debug image here? lines 50-90

Author: support wonts to have it, from our end we can avoid this doc at all.

#. Change the normal PXC image inside the cluster object to the debug image:

>    .. note:: Please make sure that the version of PXC for debug image is the same that is used for cluster now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. note:: Please make sure the Percona XtraDB Cluster version for the debug image matches the version currently in use in the cluster. 
```

>       How to get PXC image which is used for cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      You can run the following command to find out which Percona XtraDB Cluster image is in use:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

>       $ kubectl -n default exec cluster1-pxc-2 -c pxc -- sh -c 'kill -s USR1 1'

Reviewer: namespace should be specified in all commands or in none
```suggestion
      $ kubectl exec cluster1-pxc-2 -c pxc -- sh -c 'kill -s USR1 1'
```

#. Go back *to the previous shell* and return the original Percona XtraDB
   Cluster image because the debug image is no longer needed:

>    .. note:: Please make sure that the version of PXC image is the same that it was before bebug image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. note:: Please make sure that the version of PXC image is the same that it was before setting the debug image.
```

>    .. note:: Please make sure that the version of PXC image is the same that it was before setting the debug image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. note:: Please make sure the Percona XtraDB Cluster version for the debug image matches the version currently in use in the cluster.
```
